Alicja 956 normalize time called t (#959)
CCI-Tools/cate: CHANGES.md

## Version 2.1.4 (in development)

> * Included normalization of time in case it is called 't' in a dataset instead of 'time' (#956). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Included normalization of a dataset's time coordinate variable in case it is called 't' instead of 'time' (#956). 
```

>   This is the case for the following datasets: 

Reviewer 2: I don't like listing all the affected dsr id's. You already list them in the linked issue, that should be enough. But let's see what is Norman's opinion on this.

    * esacci.ICESHEETS.yr.Unspecified.GMB.GRACE-instrument.GRACE.UNSPECIFIED.1-2.greenland_gmb_mass_trends
    * esacci.ICESHEETS.yr.Unspecified.GMB.GRACE-instrument.GRACE.UNSPECIFIED.1-3.greenland_gmb_mass_trends
    * esacci.ICESHEETS.yr.Unspecified.GMB.GRACE-instrument.GRACE.UNSPECIFIED.1-5.greenland_gmb_mass_trends

>     * esacci.ICESHEETS.yr.Unspecified.GMB.GRACE-instrument.GRACE.UNSPECIFIED.1-4.greenland_gmb_mass_trends 

Reviewer: @TonioF I suggested to @AliceBalfanz listing the dataset IDs here so people can immediately see if their datasets are now supported. However, in this case one could do the following to keep it shorter:

```suggestion
   This is the case for all datasets with IDs `esacci.ICESHEETS.yr.Unspecified.GMB.GRACE-instrument.GRACE.UNSPECIFIED.1-*.greenland_gmb_mass_trends`.
```
